Common problems
========

## Common problems

**What is the recommended parameter of PID?**

*   It is recommended to adjust according to quick use instructions or video due to the differences of motors.</br>

**How to change the speed to the degree/s? How to change the position to degree?**

*   The unit of speed is Revolution(s) Per Minute（RPM for short）, which is to convert minute into second, and multiply by 360° to calculate the angular velocity. For example, the speed is 60 rpm, divided by 60, you can get 1 r/s. 1 turn is 360 degrees, equal to 360degree/s. The position unit is r, multiplied by 360° to obtain the angle. If the current position is 0.5r, multiply by 360 degrees to get 180degree.</br>

**How to convert the current A after reading four bytes, is it sign int32?**

*   It is not sign int32 but_iq24 format. Represented by 4 bytes of data, the true value of the motor is 2^24 times of the true value. Low byte is put behind the high byte. The four-byte data is converted into the IQ value (between -1 and 1), and then multiplied the current full scale, thus get the current value.

**Is there a PC software that automatically generates a CRC command?**

*   The CRC can be captured using the serial port.</br>

**How long will it last with a rated current of 7A (torque 0.6Nm) and 800RPM?**

*   Pay attention to the inverter temperature and motor temperature. The default motor protection temperature in IAS is 75 ℃, and the inverter protection temperature is 70 ℃. The duration is related to heat dissipation. If the protection temperature is reached, the temperature must be lowered below the recovery temperature for control.

**Current feedback is 20A but the current clamp measures the supply current is only 2.4A. Why?**

*   The phase current of the motor is different from the bus current.

**Does current feedback refer to the peak phase current?**

*   yes</br>

**Is it a a DC brushless motor or a PMSM(permanent magnet synchronous motor)?**

*   BLDC</br>

**What is the current series torque coefficient of the QDD-PR60-36 series?**

*   The current moment coefficient is the peak torque / full range of phase current. As for the module QDD-PR60-36, its peak torque is 72Nm, the full range of phase current is 33A, which means that current torque coefficient is 2.1816Nm/A.</br>

**When the current is large, it stops after one turn?**

*   Look at the power supply, it may be that the power is not high enough</br>

**Fix the end and increase current will have the “Locked-rotor error” error warning?**

*   It is the blocked error. The unit of the energy generated by the stalling error when motor blocked is Joule J. If the set value is exceeded, the actuator will be protected. The protection value can be set by the host computer, but it is not recommended to set a too large value. If it is blocked for a long time, the energy will be too high and the motor will be damaged.

**For the motor labelled INNFOS_016: in the current loop, when set the same Iq value, will the speed of this motor have a big difference from other motors?**

*    With a reducer, the given current cannot be guaranteed and the speed of motor is the same.

**For all motors, is there an abnormal noise when you shake them?**

*    It's the bead sound inside the planetary reducer

**Will it occasionally have the problem of Overvoltageerror (when input voltage is 42V)?**

*   Check if a large capacitor is plugged into the HUB, because the actuator will generate while it is anti-drive. It needs to be plugged back into the feed capacitor.</br>

**In the speed loop mode, the motor does not respond regardless of the setting of the speed value. Error code: 0x0200**

*   It means that the step is too big. The motor is responsive when the step within 600 rpm. Speed profile mode has no step limit, and you can switch to speed profile mode if you want to change that.

**In the position loop mode, the motor does not respond regardless of the setting of the speed value. Error code: 0x0200**

*   It means that the step is too big. The motor is responsive when the step within 1 R. Position profile mode has no step limit, and you can switch to position profile mode if you want to change that.

**Is it possible to control immediately after the motor is blocked?**

*   Clear error alarms to control it</br>

**Limit minimum/maximum value?**

*   Limit motor output. See quick instructions for detials.</br>

**Please let us know that the rated current of the motor is 12 A, but when we tested with the upper computer, it has reached more than 20 A. Is this normal?**

*   The current displayed by the host computer is the phase current, and the rated current is the bus current.</br>

**What is the frequency of the internal encoder acquisition of the motor?**

*   20K Hz.

**Is the unit (R) inside the position mode meaning that the motor inside turns one turn?**

*   Yes. For QDD-NE30-36, the output of the reducer rotates by 10 degrees when the input of it makes one revolution</br>

**Can the motor in current mode recognize if a current is sent every two milliseconds？**

*   Yes, but if there are too many, it may cannot be connected.

**What is the speed unit that the motor reads out?**

*   rpm, Revolutions per minute</br>

**Is the speed displayed by the upper Machine controlling the rotor speed?**

*   Yes, to calculate the output speed need proportional conversion</br>

**The stall energy setting does not setted in?**

*   Set the carriage return and save</br>

## Operation problems

**How to control the speed in current mode?**

*   The speed cannot be controlled in the current mode, only the maximum speed can be limited, and the limit is limited.

**How to clear the motor stall error after the motor is blocked?**

*   Click the ClearErrors button

## Troubleshooting

## Development issues
